feat: learn english block 6.2 (#52539)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/21-a2-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-share-your-progress-in-weekly-stand-up-meetings/6579de73144df42cb2d373ef.md

---
id: 6579de73144df42cb2d373ef
title: Task 44
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-44
audioPath: curriculum/js-music-player/We-Are-Going-to-Make-it.mp3
---

<!--
AUDIO REFERENCE: 
Bob: "We might want to set up a short code review session after the meeting to exchange ideas and solutions. It could benefit the entire team."
-->

# --description--

> 'Benefit' means to gain an advantage or something positive. In a professional setting, it's often used to discuss the positive impact of actions or decisions. For instance, 'This training will benefit our skills development' means the training will positively affect skill growth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Benefit` means to gain an advantage or something positive. In a professional setting, it's often used to discuss the positive impact of actions or decisions. For instance, `This training will benefit our skills development` means the training will positively affect skill growth.
```
